README.md, before:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225706659-4fa396f3-fc8a-4cdc-bbd4-3600b323db97.svg" alt="Button Preview" > 

  <h1 align="left">neubrutalism_ui</h1>
<!-- <p>
  <a href="https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225706659-4fa396f3-fc8a-4cdc-bbd4-3600b323db97.svg" alt="Logo" >
  </a> -->
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues">Request Feature</a>
<br>
<a href="https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues">Report Bug</a>
</p>

![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui?color=dark-green) ![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui?style=social) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui) 

## Table Of Contents

- [](#)
      - [Examples:](#examples)
  - [Roadmap](#roadmap)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [Creating A Pull Request](#creating-a-pull-request)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Authors](#authors)

## About The Project

"Neubrutalism UI is a comprehensive UI kit for Flutter that incorporates the principles of Neubrutalism design. With this package, you can easily add beautiful and functional UI components to your Flutter app in a style that emphasizes simplicity and minimalism.

The package includes a variety of UI components such as buttons, cards, forms, and more, each designed with a subtle shadow and rounded corners that add depth and texture to your app. You can customize the appearance of each component to fit the specific needs of your app, including changing the border radius, depth, and color.

Whether you're a beginner or an experienced developer, Neubrutalism UI makes it easy to create elegant and functional UI components in Flutter that align with the principles of Neubrutalism design. With clear and concise documentation and easy installation instructions, you can start using the package in your app today."

## Built With [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) 💙

## Getting Started


### Prerequisites

To use the "neubrutalism_ui" package, you will need to have the following installed:

Flutter SDK 

If you do not have Flutter installed on your system, you can download it from the official Flutter website: https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install

### Installation

- Add the "neubrutalism_ui" package to your project's dependencies. You can do this by adding the following line to your pubspec.yaml file:

``` yaml
dependencies:
  neubrutalism_ui: <latest-version>
```
Then, run flutter pub get in your terminal to download the package.


- Import the "neubrutalism_ui" package in your Dart code:


``` dart
import 'package:neubrutalism_ui/neubrutalism_ui.dart';
```


## Usage
### NeuTextButton with Customization

<table>
<tr>
<td>

```dart
Neubrutalism.neuTextButton(
              buttonColor: Colors.teal,
              buttonHeight: 60,
              borderWidth: 2,
              onPressed: () {
                print("object");
              },
              buttonWidth: 300,
            ),
```
</td>
<td>
<img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225709552-5730bd9b-8e18-40c1-96e2-c45e7422a4c8.png"  alt="">
</td>
</tr>
</table>

### NeuImageCard with Customization
<table>
<tr>
<td>

```dart
Neubrutalism.neuImageCard(
              cardImage: Image.network(
                "https://bit.ly/infamous404",
                fit: BoxFit.cover,
              ),
              cardHeight: 300,
              cardWidth: 300,
              paddingData: const EdgeInsets.all(8),
            ),
```

</td>
<td>
<img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225916873-aba061e0-ff91-4f69-88e8-7b744654049a.jpg"  alt="">
</td>
</tr>
</table>


#### Examples:
| Component Name | Code                         | Preview                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| TextButton     | `Neubrutalism.neuTextButton` | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225709552-5730bd9b-8e18-40c1-96e2-c45e7422a4c8.png" alt="Button Preview" >     |
| NeuImageCard   | `Neubrutalism.neuImageCard`  | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225916873-aba061e0-ff91-4f69-88e8-7b744654049a.jpg" alt="Image Card Preview" > |

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.
* If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request after you edit the *README.md* file with necessary changes.
* Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
* Create individual PR for each suggestion.


### Creating A Pull Request

- Fork the Project
- Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
- Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
- Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
- Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Authors

* **Deepraj Baidya** - *Flutter SDE Intern* - [Deepraj Baidya](https://github.com/deepraj02) - *🤔 *

Commit message:

add: Documentation for Staging Environment

README.md, after:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225706659-4fa396f3-fc8a-4cdc-bbd4-3600b323db97.svg" alt="Button Preview" > 

  <h1 align="left">neubrutalism_ui</h1>
<!-- <p>
  <a href="https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225706659-4fa396f3-fc8a-4cdc-bbd4-3600b323db97.svg" alt="Logo" >
  </a> -->
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues">Request Feature</a>
<br>
<a href="https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues">Report Bug</a>
</p>

![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui?color=dark-green) ![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui?style=social) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui) 

## Table Of Contents

- [](#)
      - [Examples:](#examples)
  - [Roadmap](#roadmap)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [Creating A Pull Request](#creating-a-pull-request)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Authors](#authors)

## About The Project

"Neubrutalism UI is a comprehensive UI kit for Flutter that incorporates the principles of Neubrutalism design. With this package, you can easily add beautiful and functional UI components to your Flutter app in a style that emphasizes simplicity and minimalism.

The package includes a variety of UI components such as buttons, cards, forms, and more, each designed with a subtle shadow and rounded corners that add depth and texture to your app. You can customize the appearance of each component to fit the specific needs of your app, including changing the border radius, depth, and color.

Whether you're a beginner or an experienced developer, Neubrutalism UI makes it easy to create elegant and functional UI components in Flutter that align with the principles of Neubrutalism design. With clear and concise documentation and easy installation instructions, you can start using the package in your app today."

## Built With [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) 💙

## Getting Started


### Prerequisites

To use the "neubrutalism_ui" package, you will need to have the following installed:

Flutter SDK 

If you do not have Flutter installed on your system, you can download it from the official Flutter website: https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install

### Installation

- Add the "neubrutalism_ui" package to your project's dependencies. You can do this by adding the following line to your pubspec.yaml file:

``` yaml
dependencies:
  neubrutalism_ui: <latest-version>
```
Then, run flutter pub get in your terminal to download the package.


- Import the "neubrutalism_ui" package in your Dart code:


``` dart
import 'package:neubrutalism_ui/neubrutalism_ui.dart';
```


## Usage
### NeuTextButton with Customization

<table>
<tr>
<td>

```dart
Neubrutalism.neuTextButton(
              buttonColor: Colors.teal,
              buttonHeight: 60,
              borderWidth: 2,
              onPressed: () {
                print("object");
              },
              buttonWidth: 300,
            ),
```
</td>
<td>
<img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225709552-5730bd9b-8e18-40c1-96e2-c45e7422a4c8.png"  alt="">
</td>
</tr>
</table>

### NeuImageCard with Customization
<table>
<tr>
<td>

```dart
Neubrutalism.neuImageCard(
              cardImage: Image.network(
                "https://bit.ly/infamous404",
                fit: BoxFit.cover,
              ),
              cardHeight: 300,
              cardWidth: 300,
              paddingData: const EdgeInsets.all(8),
            ),
```

</td>
<td>
<img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225916873-aba061e0-ff91-4f69-88e8-7b744654049a.jpg"  alt="">
</td>
</tr>
</table>


#### Examples:
| Component Name | Code                         | Preview                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| TextButton     | `Neubrutalism.neuTextButton` | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225709552-5730bd9b-8e18-40c1-96e2-c45e7422a4c8.png" alt="Button Preview" >     |
| NeuImageCard   | `Neubrutalism.neuImageCard`  | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63138398/225916873-aba061e0-ff91-4f69-88e8-7b744654049a.jpg" alt="Image Card Preview" > |

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.
* If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request after you edit the *README.md* file with necessary changes.
* Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
* Create individual PR for each suggestion.


### Creating A Pull Request

- Fork the Project
- Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
- Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
- Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
- Open a Pull Request (`choose the Staging branch From the Dropdown`)

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/deepraj02/neubrutalism_ui/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Authors

* **Deepraj Baidya** - *Flutter SDE Intern* - [Deepraj Baidya](https://github.com/deepraj02) - *🤔 *
